build_meta: Clarify the reasons for project requirements in pyproject… (#2748)
pypa/setuptools: docs/build_meta.rst

    [build-system]
    requires = ["setuptools", "wheel"]
    build-backend = "setuptools.build_meta"

The ``setuptools`` package implements the ``build_sdist``
command and the ``wheel`` package implements the ``build_wheel``

> command; both are required to be compliant with PEP 517.

Reviewer: Nit: in sphinx, it's preferable to use the `:pep:` role for proper cross-linking and consistency.

> The ``setuptools`` package will implement the ``build_sdist``
> function and the ``wheel`` package will provide the ``build_wheel``
> function; both are required to be compliant with PEP 517.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``setuptools`` package implements the ``build_sdist``
command and the ``wheel`` package implemnts the ``build_wheel``
command; both are required to be compliant with PEP 517.
```
